welcome back to part two of this movie
recap if you haven't seen part one click
the card in the top or the link in the
description
the court falls completely silent
waiting for a response from susie
suzy finally looks up shouting goddammit
none of this was my idea she says
a gasp goes through the whole courtroom
as d.a hunter shouts to the judge trying
to stop the upcoming confession
suzy reveals that kelly came to her with
the idea and she wanted revenge on mr
lombardo kelly had wanted mr lombardo
since her dad's death but upon finding
out he was sleeping with his mom sandra
van ryan the plan was hatched the court
rumor rupts with shock as kelly tries to
attack susie on the stand she is
restrained by a court official but not
before throwing the glass at susie
sandra and the family lawyer tom baxter
struggle to leave the courtroom as the
media swarms them trying to ask
questions
meanwhile ken and sam celebrate during
the ride back to ken's office
ken's organizing a meeting he hopes will
involve a large sum of money being
signed over to sam and of course a
healthy commission fee to him following
the false allegations made following a
couple days ken pulls up to his small
office in a brand new ferrari he goes
inside to find sam sandra tom baxter and
sandra's boyfriend waiting inside
sam signs the contract and slides it
over to sandra showing it's for 8
million
she snaps the pen out of tom's hand and
reluctantly signs across the money sam
decides he'll still leave blue bay so
heads to the school to pack up his
belongings
art tries to convince him he could stay
but sam is sure he has to go as he
leaves his office for the last time into
the common room kelly walks in their
eyes immediately lock and kelly throws a
book at sam while approaching him she
screams revealing the money sam has
taken came from her trust fund she
begins to attack sam with her binder
before being pulled away by her friends
as she repeats i hate you
sam drives his jeep back to a small
motel after a long day moving from blue
bay as he walks in he sees shoe prints
leading around the apartment he couldn't
have left he cautiously walks slowly
around to see into the bathroom when
suddenly kelly can be seen in the mirror
she holds a concealed object pointed at
sam
how much did you get she interrogates
walking towards sam your turn to pay
kelly says before revealing a champagne
bottle under the towel
she pushes sam onto the bed victoriously
saying we screwed the [ __ ] as she leans
down to kiss sam
it worked just like you said she says
sam flips her angrily asking what she is
doing here
she'll ruin their plan a bang is heard
from the other room as susie rounds the
corner asking how much is eight and a
half million divided by three
sam is still angry they're both here but
concedes they can celebrate for one
night all three share a romantic moment
the following day detectives duquette
and perez review the case checking sam's
bank account details showing the large
payout he'd received duquette begins to
theorize that sam would have never kept
the affair with sandra van ryan private
and sat three months in jail without
knowing he'd get the payout duquette
continues saying sam suzy and kelly
could be in on it together kelly can't
access any money before her trust fund
is released suzy has always been poor
and sam racked up a big debt trying to
keep up with barbara duquette visits
kelly the following day pressing her for
information by telling her he knows
what's going on
are you all running to the caribbean
he asks kelly denies the allegations
entirely duquette moves on to susie who
he finds in the glade smoking susie
quickly hides the blunt but duquette
slyly tells her she could go back to
prison he then presses her telling her
two's company and three's a crowd
taunting her further he asks if she
really trusts the others
susie is rattled and after leaving
paranoid messages and sam's phone
messages she is called by kelly and told
to come over upon arriving kelly is on
the phone with sam hearing how susie may
blow it and duquette is the only way
their plan might fall apart kelly and
susie begin to argue getting more and
more heated until susie slaps kelly
kelly pushes susie into the pool and
follows her in pushing her under the
water duquette has followed suzy from
her house and is now seen recording the
fight with a camcorder but his eagerness
to record evidence turns to shock as
suzy and kelly stop fighting and begin
kissing as they move to the center of
the pool things heat up and they share a
romantic moment
duquette tries to submit the tape to
evidence but d.a hunter ridicules him
for even filming it astonished he'd
essentially filmed an adult movie and
wanted to use it as evidence hunter
becomes even more furious when he finds
out duquette has called for sam to be
brought in
sam insults and smiles at duquette
knowing nobody believes his story
that night susie and kelly take a ride
out to the beach smoking and drinking
susie wanders out towards the sea
feeling very dizzy from the drink kelly
poured for her she stumbles out onto the
sand and passes out
sometime later she wakes up slowly to
see sam standing over her he helps her
up as kelly returns from her pickup
truck parked nearby
sam tells susie they're together for one
last night before they all split up for
a while to lay low and asks kelly to go
get a blanket from the truck
as she walks away a scream comes from
the beach
sam walks towards the truck bloody
champagne bottle in hand and with blood
on his face he nods at kelly at which
point they take susie who is wrapped in
film through the glades sam hides her
body
the following morning ray duquette is
already looking for clues as to where
susie has gone as she has been reported
missing by ruby her grandmother
he pulls up to the van ryan gates where
he sees kelly trying to wash her
mother's jeep done some four-wheeling he
asks slyly kelly is mortified to see him
and shouts at him to get off the
property before spraying him with a hose
ray then gets a call that susie's car
has been found near the bus stop and
that a student thought she might have
been on the beach where the seniors
drunk often
ray heads to the beach speaking with a
student about sam
the student likes sam but ray warns him
people aren't who you think they are
as they come towards the area where the
seniors normally are ray notices a tooth
lying in an abandoned boat excited by
the new evidence he calls in a forensics
team and has the area surveyed
some time later d.a hunter and paris
have arrived and are speaking with the
forensics team about the evidence there
are blood samples which will take a few
hours to come back dental records on the
tooth will take a few days and dna could
take months rey is annoyed it will take
so long and pushes perez to help him
prove that sam killed susie
she reluctantly agrees and that evening
she goes to stake out sam's property sam
is calling kelly who is still spooked
about rey coming around in the morning
sam tries to calm her by repeating that
they'll be in the bahamas in just a
week's time
outside perez begins to write notes on
what she can see going on inside but
when she looks up sam has come right up
to her peeping in people's windows i'm
pretty sure that's illegal he says with
a smirk on his face
paris asks sam where he was the night
before to which he asks her to come in
and see something sam shows detective
perez a file he's written on kelly in
which he claims she had threatened to
kill both her mother and another female
student she may have had relations with
sam then leaves in a taxi telling perez
to take a look through the file as much
as possible
paris calls ray who is in his car
she explains that sam has left but
reveals the contents of the file
ray immediately assumes the file is fake
and gets out of his car he is next to
the van ryan property ray asks where
kelly is and runs towards the guest
house kelly is still trying to call sam
when she hears ray running by the pool
and runs to the door to try to lock it
but ray makes his way in anyway
what the hell are you doing here she
screams
glass shatters in the guest house as rey
and kelly fight two gunshots are heard
in succession followed by a third shot a
few seconds later
sandra van ryan rushes outside to see
what the commotion is only to discover
ray crawling out of the guest house with
a shot arm and kelly shot dead inside
ray is interviewed about the incident he
tells perez and d.a hunter kelly hit him
went for the gun and hit him in the
shoulder then he was forced to return
fire with two rounds to the chest
he tells them he went there to protect
her early next morning ray is put in
front of the board of police
they reveal while the shooting was
determined as legal he is still fired
and can no longer be a police officer
they also conclude that kelly van ryan
killed susie toller
rey is sent away stripped of his title
as a detective forever sam has finally
flown away to the bahamas alone he is
staying there for a while in a lush
hotel villa he has been at the beach all
afternoon and heads back to his hotel as
he walks into his room he notices
someone is using his shower he
cautiously approaches the bathroom only
for none other than ray duquette to walk
out of the shower
howdy partner he says
sam replies jesus i wasn't expecting you
until tomorrow the bank said the money
will be wired over in a few days
ray is annoyed to hear this but sam
tells him to relax and enjoy paradise
they'll go sailing tomorrow he suggests
sam continues asking why kelly had been
killed that wasn't part of the plan he
says
ray smiles and insists he had no choice
but even he couldn't convince the board
kelly didn't kill susie and they'll be
completely in the clear
when did you get so squeamish about
death after you killed poor susie
he jokes the following day ray and sam
are sailing out on the open ocean
sam asks ray to fix some cabling on the
side of the boat but as ray reaches down
to unhook the rope sam swings the boat
to the right knocking off ray he smiles
slyly and says always one hand for the
boat and one hand for you but rey did
not fall into the sea
ray climbs back onto the deck sam
pretends he didn't deliberately steer
the boat leftwards but ray begins
fighting him ray begins to overpower sam
but not before he is shot with a harpoon
gun
meanwhile back in the miami glades
detective perez is visiting ruby suzy's
grandmother
ruby reveals that ray had killed a young
boy in the glades and when he found out
susie had seen him do it he got her
locked up for six months
ruby then reveals that susie's iq had
tested to be over 200. paris asks about
susie's parents and ruby tells her the
truth
sandra van ryan's father kelly's
grandfather would come to the glades and
pick up women
once he got one pregnant and abandoned
her in the glaze although she drank
herself to death she gave birth to the
baby susie making susie kelly's aunt and
sandra van ryan's half-sister back on
the boat susie is revealed to have faked
her death she pours drinks for her and
sam as ray falls off the boat drowning
susie and sam take a drink but sam
begins to become paralyzed
suzy unhinges the mast knocking sam off
the boat to drown and finishing her
master plan to enact revenge on sam and
ray
we are shown how kelly used illicit
photos of sam and kelly to blackmail sam
into following the plan
sam befriended ray and following susie's
instructions they carried out the master
plan ray unknowing of susie's real
intentions
it is also shown that ray murdered kelly
and shot himself to make it look like
there was a struggle
that evening susie goes to a local bar
to meet ken bowden who was in on the
plan too they split the cash with ken
taking his usual fee
thanks for watching
like and subscribe for more comment
below which movies you'd like recapped
in the next video